feat: add fortune telling app (#62167)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/workshop-fortune-teller-app/68e4220fadf4239b7e722e0a.md

---
id: 68e4220fadf4239b7e722e0a
title: Step 15
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-15
---

# --description--

> Since the fortune app only has three moments Past, Present, and Future, declare an `enum` named `DrawingType` with three properties: `Past`, `Present`, and `Future`. Each property should have a string value corresponding to its name.

Reviewer: enum is like a variable identifier like `let` and `const`. Although, we might want to highlight it anyway?

# --hints--

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

You should have `enum` named `DrawingType`.

```js
assert.match(code, /enum\s+DrawingType\s*{/)
```

In your enum you have to have `Past` property with `string` type of `past` value.

```js
assert.match(code, /Past\s*=\s*['"]past['"]/);
```

> In your enum you have to have `Present` property with `string` type of `present` value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your enum should have a `Present` property with a string value of `present`.
```

```js
assert.match(code, /Present\s*=\s*['"]present['"]/);
```

In your enum you have to have `Future` with `string` type of future value.

```js
assert.match(code, /Future\s*=\s*['"]future['"]/)
```

# --seed--

## --seed-contents--

```html

> <!doctype html>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!DOCTYPE html>
```
